chore: add nrdiag execution to agent-control troubleshooting (#20619)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/new-relic-control/agent-control/troubleshooting.mdx

kubectl describe helmrelease open-telemetry -n agent-control
```

## Troubleshoot with NRDiag [#nrdiag]

> New Relic diagnostics tool `NRDiag` is a utility that can also be used to gather all the resources and logs related to agent-control in your cluster for debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New Relic diagnostics tool `NRDiag` is a utility that gathers resources and logs related to agent-control in your cluster for debugging.
```
